Fix REST API routing paths (#1235)
sonata-project/SonataUserBundle: UPGRADE-4.x.md

UPGRADE 4.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x
=======================

### Support for NelmioApiDocBundle > 3.6 is added

Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\UserBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 were added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.

### Fix REST API routing paths

> In `SonataUserBundle` v4.6.0 some extra REST API routing paths were added. You MUST avoid using them to keep API doc cleaner. To do so, make sure to use the right routing file:

Reviewer: I'm sorry for not catching this earlier. In my opinion, this is not just about the API document, but about the whole routing, so I propose to use a message like this:
```suggestion
In version 4.6.0 some extra REST API routes were added by mistake, creating new duplicated paths pointing to existing actions (by instance `/groups/{id}.{_format}` was duplicated as `/group/{id}.{_format}`, `/users/{id}.{_format}` was duplicated as `/user/{id}.{_format}`, etc).
You MUST avoid importing these routes in order to keep your API routing clean and consistent with previous versions. To do so, make sure to import some of these routing files, depending on your needs:
```

UPGRADE 4.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x
=======================

### Support for NelmioApiDocBundle > 3.6 is added

Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\UserBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 were added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.

### Fix REST API routing paths

> In `SonataUserBundle` v4.6.0 some wrong REST API routing paths was added. You should avoid using it to keep API doc cleaner. Change this one to correct paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `SonataUserBundle` v4.6.0 some extra REST API routing paths were added. You MUST avoid using them to keep API doc cleaner. To do so, make sure to use the right routing file:
```

Reviewer: Do you have some concerns about this suggestion?

Author: My bad, I think i marge it.

Author: Done.

   - `/group.{_format}` => `/groups.{_format}`
   - `/group/{id}.{_format}` => `/groups/{id}.{_format}`
   - `/user.{_format}` => `/users.{_format}`
   - `/user/{id}.{_format}` => `/users/{id}.{_format}`
   - `/user/{userId}/{groupId}.{_format}` => `/users/{userId}/groups/{groupId}.{_format}`

  Then change your routing to:

      sonata_api_user:
          prefix: /api/user

>           resource: "@SonataUserBundle/Resources/config/routing/fix_api.xml"

Reviewer: IMO, we should not use "fix" in these routing files. I think we could use "api_plural_model" or something like that.

Author: standard_api.xml?

Author: Or default_api.xml?

Author: base_api, legacy_paths_api

Reviewer: I'm fine with any of these proposals :+1:

Author: standard will be the best.  It mean it is standard api which should be used.
